# Safety and Reliability Project

## Description

This project aims to realize a distributed system for an IoT sensor network. There are two classes:
- `IoTDevice` which represents a sensing device, whose purpose is to send sensed data to the server.
- `IoTServer` which represents the server where the data is stored.

There is the concept of a Domain, which functions as a closed set of Devices. Users can create devices that may or may not be in a domain. A domain is made by a User who we call the Owner, who has the power to add people to the Domain. Each User has read permissions for the data of devices present in the domains to which they have access (having been added by the Owner) and write permissions for the devices to which they are connected. 


## Compilation

A script has been made to compile the work that gives rise to two jars, one for the IoTDevice and the other for the IoTServer.

This script will:
1. Create the bin folder if it doesn't exist
2. Compile the respective .class of the project
3. Define the respective main for each jar
4. Create the .jar

To run the script do:
```bash
./compile.bat #(Windows)
```
```bash
./compile.sh #(Linux)
```

 
_<u>**WARNING**</u>_: - depending on the compilation script used to generate the .jar the size varies, i.e. a .jar generated by compile.bat will not have the same size as one generated by compile.sh

## Use

1. start the server with
```bash
java -jar IoTServer.jar <port>
```
where:
- the port that will accept client connections (the <port> parameter is optional and the default port used is 12345);

2. Start the client with
```bash
java -jar IoTDevice.jar <serverAddress> <dev-id> <user-id>
```
where:
- serverAddress corresponds to `<IP/hostname>[:Port]` (IP/hostname is mandatory while the port can be omitted with 12345 being used by default);
- the `<dev-id>` corresponds to the id of the Device to be initialized;
- `<user-id>` is the name of the User to be initialized.

_<u>**WARNING**</u>_: - To check the size and name of the executable, there must be a localInfo.txt file whose contents correspond to the following:
 - `IoTDevice.jar:<ExecutableSize>` (where the executable size is in bytes) in the first line of the file.

## Notes

- We used java 17 to do the work
- We didn't find any limitations to the statement

## Made by
- João Pereira fc58189
- Martim Pereira fc58223
- Daniel Nunes fc58257
  
Final Grade: 20/20
